fix: improve a11y-click-events-have-key-events message (#9358)
sveltejs/svelte: documentation/docs/05-misc/02-accessibility-warnings.md

## `a11y-click-events-have-key-events`

Enforce that visible, non-interactive elements with an `on:click` event are accompanied by a keyboard event handler.

> Users should first consider whether an interactive element might be more appropriate such as a `<button type="button">` element for actions or `<a>` element for navigations. These elements are more semantically meaningful and will have built-in key handling. E.g. `Space` and `Enter` will trigger a `<button>` element's navigation while `Space` will focus an `<a>` element and `Enter` will trigger an `<a>` element's navigation.

Reviewer: The note about `Space` regarding links seems wrong. It should just scroll the page.

Also the wording around button using "navigation" sounds off, buttons can do all sorts of things, so I would not further qualify that. Likewise the behavior of links can be changed.

Would recommend simplifying the last sentence to something like:
```md
E.g. `Space` and `Enter` will trigger a `<button>`  and `Enter` will trigger an `<a>` element.
```

> Users should first consider whether an interactive element might be more appropriate such as a `<button type="button">` element for actions or `<a>` element for navigations. These elements are more semantically meaningful and will have built-in key handling. E.g. `Space` and `Enter` will trigger a `<button>` element's navigation while `Space` will focus an `<a>` element and `Enter` will trigger an `<a>` element's navigation.

Author: oh, yeah, good catch - that was a typo. I'd meant to write "action" rather than "navigation"
```suggestion
Users should first consider whether an interactive element might be more appropriate such as a `<button type="button">` element for actions or `<a>` element for navigations. These elements are more semantically meaningful and will have built-in key handling. E.g. `Space` and `Enter` will trigger a `<button>` element's action while `Space` will scroll to an `<a>` element and `Enter` will trigger an `<a>` element's navigation.
```

Reviewer: Thanks, but that is still not quite right.
Space just scrolls the page down, it does not regard the link in any way, which is why I suggested to leave that out.

Author: ah, thanks for clarifying. updated!

> Users should first consider whether an interactive element might be more appropriate such as a `<button type="button">` element for actions or `<a>` element for navigations. These elements are more semantically meaningful and will have built-in key handling. E.g. `Space` and `Enter` will trigger a `<button>` element's action while `Space` will scroll to an `<a>` element and `Enter` will trigger an `<a>` element's navigation.

Author: ```suggestion
Users should first consider whether an interactive element might be more appropriate such as a `<button type="button">` element for actions or `<a>` element for navigations. These elements are more semantically meaningful and will have built-in key handling. E.g. `Space` and `Enter` will trigger a `<button>` and `Enter` will trigger an `<a>` element.
```
